abort              accept             addlist            adjourn            
alias              allobservers       asetv              assess             
atest              backward           bell               best               
bname              boards             bsetup             bug                
clearmessages      close              clrsquare          cshout             
date               decline            draw               eco                
examine            finger             flag               flip               
fmessage           follow             forward            games              
getgi              getpi              handles            hbest              
help               history            hrank              inchannel          
iset               it                 ivariables         jkill              
journal            jsave              kibitz             limits             
llogons            logons             ltell              mailmoves          
mailoldmoves       mailstored         match              messages           
mexamine           moretime           moves              next               
observe            oldmoves           open               partner            
password           pause              pending            pfollow            
play               pobserve           prefresh           promote            
pstat              ptell              ptime              qtell              
quit               rank               refresh            rematch            
remote             resign             revert             rfollow            
rmatch             robserve           rpartner           say                
seek               set                shout              showadmins         
showlist           smoves             sought             sposition          
stored             style              sublist            switch             
takeback           tell               time               toggle             
tomove             tournset           unalias            unexamine          
unobserve          unpause            unseek             uptime             
variables          whenshut           whisper            who                
withdraw           wname              xtell              znotify            

